>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's it.
That's everything in the nutshell.
All the steps that I've done, more of
less, and actually there are a few more
changes i will make,
is in the project repository,
under the Wiki, so these will pretty much
for the most part match up with the steps,
but, we've now kind of come to
the full arc of basic Redux.
That's store, actions,
reducers, selectors and entity.
But from there, the asynchronous piece,
which I would say is probably
the most complicated piece because
you're isolating all your control flow,
the business is not attending to that
place and then our computer selectors
which if you're familiar is like
higher other function with the race or
double succession, pretty straight
forward, and then just I think really nice
sheen or
layer of polish on top of it with facades.
And so this is currently how I
build all my applications and
it's working quite well.
So for you doing a dashboard, or
for anybody doing a dashboard,
this is a really awesome way
to something has changed
and now it's feeding in to this kind
of aggregated view of all this data.
And what you can also do for
instance let's say,
I had a collection of users with maybe
like some different statistics on it,
like here's your projects stats and
here's your sales.
So, imagine like ACRN with like,
here's the sales that you've done.
Well what you can do is have
a single data source and
then create custom selectors for
here's your close rate,
here's your burn down rate,
here's your whatever.
And based on a single data set you can
use that to compute different things and
abstract out certain pieces.
And so, now you're gonna have
a dashboard with multiple kind of
independent presentation components
that is the master kind of collection
changes instead it's recomputing
the data it actually needs for
that component but
that data is still in one place.
So this is also for a dashboard.
I think really,
really key where I have a lot of,
were I'm displaying data or a lot of
data in a bunch of different ways and
not having to kind of be like the data's
over here, no it;s over here,
now it's in this service,
now it's in this component.
It's in one place.
You change it in one place and it
simplifies that entire communication flow.
So just to kinda come back full circle,
this is how,
in angular application, you can
reduce complexity at a massive scale.
Move all your state into
a single state tree.
Single source of truth,
any time that you have state in more
than one place, it's confusing.
What's my single source of truth?
You run into problems as well as
having it essentially be read only
that reduces shared immutable state.
And by having small,
very specific methods in your
reducer that when I put
this in I get this out.
And so these are pure functions
with complete referential
transparency that they're
very easy to test.
So one, code volume has went way down
because everything is moving into
their specific place, it promotes reuse
and then finally flow of control.
Two things.
One, well, let me ask you a question.
Would you rather cross a one-way street or
a eight lane, super highway lane?
Take your pick.
It's pretty obvious.
When you cross a one lane street
you have one thing to worry about.
When you're reasoning about your data
flow and it's not doing this, but
this, it's very easy to say,
where is this coming from?
Somewhere from point A to
point B something went wrong.
So that's really simplifies
flow of control because
everything moves in a kind of
circular unidirectional way.
But also,
any kind of complex asynchronous,
like control flow that involves
business logic, now this goes into your
effects that you can then control with
observables, which are extremely powerful.
And they are phenomenal for taking ahead
this thing and I wanna move from here to
here but I want to do these complex
transformations along the way.
And so when we talk about
application complexity as it
pertains to state management,
flow of control, and
code volume, this to me takes the cake.
For these reasons,
state flows down, events flow up.
Single source of truth,
everything in its place